todo.md, before:

- Remove all Debug uses to build with --optimize flag
- Responsive layout with bigger text on high resolution mobile devices (maybe
  use `scale` and `modular`?)
- Fix newAtomName not being updated when typing at top-level

# Features

- Implement Navigation mode
  - Shelf at top of the screen = hypotheses in top of focus stack
  - Focus on flower by clicking
  - Unfocus by clicking on focused flower
  - Jump to flower in shelf by clicking
  - Pollination of flower in shelf in Proof mode
  - Scale/Unscale animation?

- Automation of some proof actions
  - Click on it opens either:
    - A dialog with a list of checkboxes to enable/disable automation for each
      action
    - A dropdown checkbox list
  - Actions to automate (in order of priority, starting from the most desirable/
    harmless): `Unlock`, `Decompose`, `Close`, `Justify`, `Case` (then we need
    to split `Case` apart from `Unlock`)
  - Automation is run systematically after each action in Proof mode
  - One can run it manually with an additional button inside the
    dialog/dropdown (then in this scenario a dropdown is better to keep the
    current goal visible, and thus visualize the effect of automation)
  - Click actions for automated rules are not display anymore in the goal view:
    this is useful only so that the user gets immediate feedback when
    (un)checking (and to keep the state consistent for the current goal, since
    something which is automated should not be applicable manually)
  - Display rules in the dropdown with the same color as click actions?

- Add support for formulas
  - Better visual feedback emphasizing main connective and direct subformulas
    (like click-and-collect)

- Implement Fencing proof interaction with multiselection
  - Selection mode when maintaining shift key pressed
  - Mobile support:
    - Start with long press on any flower
    - Cancel by clicking on any garden, or by clicking on close button (shown
      only in selection mode)
  - When selection non-empty: apply by pressing button (otherwise disabled when
    selection is empty, and hidden outside of selection mode), or shortkey (like
    `!`)
  - Selection restricted to flowers in the same garden

- Implement Edit mode
  - `add flower/petal` zones have:
    - free space to paste clipboard by clicking
  - First-order:
    - `add variable` zones in all gardens, regardless of polarity
    - In a typed setting, one can imagine that it opens a custom GUI to choose a
      type (locally, or even in an online data base)
  - Add Reordering interaction for petals
    - Then to reorder a flower, one must drag from the pistil
  - Alternative version for Edit mode based on submodes:
    - Submode picker on left of toolbar
    - Submodes are: `Add Formula` ('T' text icon), `Add Space` (plus square
      icon?), `Erase` (eraser icon)
    - Highlight only zones activable in the corresponding submode
    - In `Add ...` submodes, instead of having additional zones at the end or in
      between elements, use the entire parent space:
      - the garden when adding flowers
      - the flower when adding petals (but where on the flower??)

# Brainstorming

- Name flowers

- View for partial proof term attached to flower
  - Highlight all flowers depending on a selected flower
  - Highlight all flowers used in the partial proof of a selected flower
  - Action in Edit mode for deleting unused positive flowers (with no other
    flowers depending on it)

- Curry-Howard correspondance: proof term = simply typed λ-term
  - Structural editor for functional languages with ML type system (like Elm!)
  - Should work well because of *variarity*
  - Only lacks recursive types
  - Bottom type?
  - Maybe make a fork based on our *refinement calculus*
    - Might want to have separate namespaces for *parameters* (variables in
      binders, i.e. `x` in `λx.t`), *local variables* (names for justifications
      in workspaces, i.e. `n` in `let n = t`), and *labels* (names for exported results, i.e. `ℓ` in `{ℓ = t}`)

- Full tree structure for undo/redo history, navigable from/identified with the
  partial proof term view

- Natural language view of proof term

- Analogy between Proof/Edit modes and Survival/Creative modes in Minecraft

- Vocal recognition to input text (typically for atoms)

- Petals of a flower can be folded into a view focused on a single petal
  $\delta$ by *pinching* them towards $\delta$; then, one can cycle through
  petals by *swiping* left/right on the view, and *unpinch* to go back to the
  full view. A similar mechanism for bouquets would also make sense.

Commit message:

Nice-looking space for shelf

todo.md, after:

- Remove all Debug uses to build with --optimize flag
- Responsive layout with bigger text on high resolution mobile devices (maybe
  use `scale` and `modular`?)
- Fix newAtomName not being updated when typing at top-level

# Features

- Implement Navigation mode
  - Shelf at top of the screen = hypotheses in top of focus stack
  - Focus on flower by clicking
  - Unfocus by clicking on focused flower
  - Jump to flower in shelf by clicking
  - Pollination of flower in shelf in Proof mode
  - Scale/Unscale animation?
  - Resizable shelf with handle
  - Relocatable shelf on either side of the screen + automatic relocation based on the current screen ratio (left for horizontal layout, top for vertical layout)

- Automation of some proof actions
  - Click on it opens either:
    - A dialog with a list of checkboxes to enable/disable automation for each
      action
    - A dropdown checkbox list
  - Actions to automate (in order of priority, starting from the most desirable/
    harmless): `Unlock`, `Decompose`, `Close`, `Justify`, `Case` (then we need
    to split `Case` apart from `Unlock`)
  - Automation is run systematically after each action in Proof mode
  - One can run it manually with an additional button inside the
    dialog/dropdown (then in this scenario a dropdown is better to keep the
    current goal visible, and thus visualize the effect of automation)
  - Click actions for automated rules are not display anymore in the goal view:
    this is useful only so that the user gets immediate feedback when
    (un)checking (and to keep the state consistent for the current goal, since
    something which is automated should not be applicable manually)
  - Display rules in the dropdown with the same color as click actions?

- Add support for formulas
  - Better visual feedback emphasizing main connective and direct subformulas
    (like click-and-collect)

- Implement Fencing proof interaction with multiselection
  - Selection mode when maintaining shift key pressed
  - Mobile support:
    - Start with long press on any flower
    - Cancel by clicking on any garden, or by clicking on close button (shown
      only in selection mode)
  - When selection non-empty: apply by pressing button (otherwise disabled when
    selection is empty, and hidden outside of selection mode), or shortkey (like
    `!`)
  - Selection restricted to flowers in the same garden

- Implement Edit mode
  - `add flower/petal` zones have:
    - free space to paste clipboard by clicking
  - First-order:
    - `add variable` zones in all gardens, regardless of polarity
    - In a typed setting, one can imagine that it opens a custom GUI to choose a
      type (locally, or even in an online data base)
  - Add Reordering interaction for petals
    - Then to reorder a flower, one must drag from the pistil
  - Alternative version for Edit mode based on submodes:
    - Submode picker on left of toolbar
    - Submodes are: `Add Formula` ('T' text icon), `Add Space` (plus square
      icon?), `Erase` (eraser icon)
    - Highlight only zones activable in the corresponding submode
    - In `Add ...` submodes, instead of having additional zones at the end or in
      between elements, use the entire parent space:
      - the garden when adding flowers
      - the flower when adding petals (but where on the flower??)

# Brainstorming

- Name flowers

- View for partial proof term attached to flower
  - Highlight all flowers depending on a selected flower
  - Highlight all flowers used in the partial proof of a selected flower
  - Action in Edit mode for deleting unused positive flowers (with no other
    flowers depending on it)

- Curry-Howard correspondance: proof term = simply typed λ-term
  - Structural editor for functional languages with ML type system (like Elm!)
  - Should work well because of *variarity*
  - Only lacks recursive types
  - Bottom type?
  - Maybe make a fork based on our *refinement calculus*
    - Might want to have separate namespaces for *parameters* (variables in
      binders, i.e. `x` in `λx.t`), *local variables* (names for justifications
      in workspaces, i.e. `n` in `let n = t`), and *labels* (names for exported results, i.e. `ℓ` in `{ℓ = t}`)

- Full tree structure for undo/redo history, navigable from/identified with the
  partial proof term view

- Natural language view of proof term

- Analogy between Proof/Edit modes and Survival/Creative modes in Minecraft

- Vocal recognition to input text (typically for atoms)

- Petals of a flower can be folded into a view focused on a single petal
  $\delta$ by *pinching* them towards $\delta$; then, one can cycle through
  petals by *swiping* left/right on the view, and *unpinch* to go back to the
  full view. A similar mechanism for bouquets would also make sense.
